(soft orchestral music)
- [Ais] The Deep Floors.
It is a scary place, I suppose.
Words don't really do
it any justice though.
However, you feel it
when you're there.
If you ever make it
to the Deep Floors,
you'll know what I mean.
(Juggernaut bellows)
- That growling.
The monster...
It's coming for us.
- [Cassandra] A great
disaster cometh.
Do not approach it,
for it is the embodiment
of ruin.
Do not touch it,
for it is the oracle of death.
A cage of despair shall
become a coffin
and thou shalt suffer.
Do not forget,
the light thou seekest
is the life-giving sun
for there is no other.
Gather the pieces,
offer up the flame,
and pray for the great
day-star's golden rays.
Take heed,
it is a banquet of tragedy.
(Opening song)
(water splashes)
(intense music)
- It really is the floor boss.
(Amphisbaena roars)
(fire crackles)
- Can't breathe!
- Cover your mouth, or else
the heat will burn your throat.
- It feels like an oven.
That must have been
his blue napalm attack.
(Amphisbaena growls)
Let's fall back!
- Huh? But Master Bell's
still on the 27th floor!
- What other choice do we have?
Let's regroup and then
worry about him.
Unless you wanna die,
I suggest you hurry.
- [Cassandra] Is this
part of my premonition?
Or...
I can't tell,
but something feels wrong.
(Amphisbaena roars)
(crystals shatter)
- Keep moving!
Run like your life
depends on it!
(fire crackles)
Split up!
One touch and you're a goner!
(Haruhime gasps)
- Haruhime!
(fire crackles)
(Ouka groans)
- Master Ouka!
- Get going!
- Damn. It melted that
shield like it was nothing.
(Amphisbaena roars)
- [Fels] What are you
talking about, Ouranos?
Amphisbaena shouldn't spawn
for another two weeks!
- Yet it already has.
The dungeon ignored
the interval.
It chose this.
That is why it sent
a Monster Rex.
(Fels sighs)
- [Fels] The Juggernaut's
appearance was irregular
in and of itself.
What the hell is going on?
Are they...
Is the Hestia Familia alive?
- Hmm.
That's not the only
irregular thing about it.
Remember, the Juggernaut,
it has moved.
- Impossible.
It might be bloodthirsty,
but given the implications
of its birth,
it's unlikely to migrate.
- [Ouranos] The White Palace.
(Fels gasps)
I have a suspicion.
The Juggernaut is headed
for the Deep Floors.
- [Fels] I don't understand.
- Hmm.
- [Fels] At any rate, if
we want to get a handle
on this situation,
we should send reinforcements
and going through the proper
channels will take too long.
- We'll do everything we can.
Even if it is all for naught.
(Juggernaut shrieks)
- [Bell] That sound...
That's gotta be...
It's going to be
here any minute.
(Bell gasps)
No. Is it still
following his orders?
(Juggernaut shrieks)
My arm,
it hurts just to breathe.
The Goliath Scarf seems
to have kept it intact,
but my bones are
a shattered mess.
Miss Ryu's hurt
pretty badly too.
We don't stand a
chance this time.
If it attacked us now
it'll kill us in an instant.
(Bell gasps)
I've got to get us out of here.
But I have no idea what
kind of creatures
might be waiting for us
just beyond that door.
So then, should I
stay here and fight?
Take on that monster while
I'm broken and bleeding?
If it corners us in a narrow
passageway...
It's no use!
I can't think straight!
(Bell pants)
The darkness is suffocating.
Is that what the Deep
Floors do to people?
- [Aisha] You're kidding me.
- This isn't good.
Our escape route.
(dark music)
- The eastern passage too.
- [Lili] It locked us in.
(Amphisbaena roars)
- [Cassandra] I was a fool.
I should have known there
was no escaping my dreams.
No escaping the disaster.
This is it.
This is the cage of despair.
- So that's a floor boss that
never should have spawned.
And a prison cell.
If I didn't know better,
I would take that to
mean the dungeon itself
is trying to kill us.
- Hard to say.
Scary to imagine
it's even possible.
(girls sigh)
- [Aisha] Prepare for the worst.
Running isn't an option anymore.
We have to keep fighting.
Guess that didn't work.
But I can't blame them.
When you're looking
into the eyes
of almost certain destruction,
it's not easy to think positive.
(fire crackles)
(Aisha grunts)
Are you guys doing okay?
We don't have the strength
or the morale to survive.
It doesn't matter how
much the party's improved.
Under circumstances like these,
of course they're gonna
lose the will to fight.
If only Bell Cranel were here.
(Aisha gasps)
Get your shit together,
Aisha Belka!
When did you turn into
a weak little girl
who relies on men?
Still, these guys do
look up to Bell Cranel
like he's the hero.
- Huh?
- [Welf] It's your first
time, ain't it, Lil Bit?
Going on an adventure
without Bell.
You're thinking that we can't
fight without our tough guy,
or that we're helpless
without our hero.
Bullshit!
That's not the kind of people
we adventurers are.
People think we can't
do anything without Bell.
Well, we can't have a
reputation like that!
We're better than that!
Am I wrong here?
You know I'm right, right?
So let's make Bell proud
of us for a change.
We'll tell him all
about how we took down
the floor boss on our own!
- Obviously.
From now on, I intend
to stand at his side,
as a partner in our future
adventures.
An equal!
- Same for me.
We're not second fiddle
to Bell Cranel.
Right, Chigusa?
- Yeah!
- Me neither.
If I don't find the
strength to fight,
I'll be too ashamed
to face Bell.
- Um, agreed.
I don't want to depend on
someone else for everything.
I won't go back to a
life of waiting around.
- Geez, you guys,
you all sound so dramatic.
But I guess you're right.
'Cause we're adventurers!
Box us in and we'll
slash our way out.
- Daphne...
- Not too shabby there, Crozzo.
I've fought this lizard
once or twice myself.
We might not be strong
enough to kill it,
but let's go kick some ass!
- [All] Hell yeah!
(Amphisbaena roars)
(Welf yells)
(dramatic music)
(all gasp)
- There you go, it's
frozen solid.
You guys are up!
(Aisha grunts)
- Nice one, big guy!
(Aisha gasps)
(water splashes)
(fire crackles)
(Amphisbaena roars)
The most common way
to defeat Amphisbaena
is by attacking it in an area
with accessible footholds.
It's my turn!
Come forth, champion of valor!
(Amphisbaena roars)
(Aisha grunts)
Ravenous blade, thy name's
Hippolyta!
Hell Kaios!
- Do you see that?
- Is it neutralized?
(Amphisbaena roars)
(fire crackles)
(Aisha gasps)
- That was Amphisbaena's
crimson mist attack!
You saw for yourself,
it scatters any magic
it comes into contact with.
Which means if we're
gonna kill this thing,
we gotta hit it from up close!
- We might be able
to pierce the fog
if we keep blasting it
with our magic,
but it's not worth the trouble!
I mean, there's not much
we can do to it anyway.
- I guess these are
mostly useless too, huh?
- [Cassandra] It won't be long
until the cage of despair
becomes a coffin.
And there's nothing we
can do to stop it.
- Uchide no Kozuchi!
Begin the dance!
- [Lili] We need to
raise our stats
so it won't kill us in one blow.
Cast Level Boost on Master Welf,
Master Ouka,
Lady Mikoto,
and Lady Daphne!
(Ouka and Welf yell)
(Haruhime pants)
Are you all right,
Lady Haruhime?
- Don't worry, Lili.
I'll be okay.
I should be able to
avoid Mind Down,
if I only used four tails.
- Mm.
My apologies, Lady Chigusa.
For now, you'll have to play
support for the vanguard.
(Amphisbaena growls)
- [Haruhime] Sorry, Chigusa.
- I understand.
I don't mind waiting my turn.
- Heed the rays in
the sky above.
Bloom, my finest
armor of laurel.
So that all may retreat!
Raumure!
- Raumure?
I know that spell.
- It reminds me of
Master Apollon.
That's why I never
like to use it.
But now's not the time
to be picky, now is it?
You handle the healing,
Cassandra.
- But Daphne!
It's hopeless.
No one can escape.
No one can survive.
- [Lunor] Ryu's a suspect
in a murder investigation?
- This was delivered to
me from the 18th floor.
It's a letter from our
supporter.
It sounds like the elf
fled into the dungeon
and they've joined the manhunt.
They're reserving judgment
until they hear her side.
- It's a big meow-stake!
Ryu wouldn't hurt a fly,
much less try to kill someone!
- Anya's not wrong! Ryu would
never commit hom-meow-cide,
not even on a day off.
- Agreed. I didn't
think she would.
It's just I've got a
bad feeling about this.
In fact, I've been asked to
have reinforcements ready
just in case.
Maybe I'm paranoid, but
I'd rather play it safe.
So I was hoping you'd
help Bell and the others.
- Hmm?
- Huh?
(Anya growls)
- [Bell] I was right.
We have to move!
We've gotta go,
as far away as we possibly can.
There'll be more monsters
past this tunnel.
But if we don't get
out of here now...
(footsteps boom)
(Juggernaut growls)
(Bell pants)
(Ouka yells)
(dramatic music)
(Mikoto yells)
(Aisha yells)
- Aisha, look out!
(Aisha grunts)
(fire crackles)
- Dammit!
We're losing our footholds.
- This floor boss, I knew it'd
be powerful, but not like this.
- No weak spot.
- If it doesn't have one,
then we'll make one!
(Aisha grunts)
(Amphisbaena groans)
Dammit, that's too shallow.
- It's a start!
- Let's get in there!
- Right!
(water splashes)
- [Welf] Be ready,
it dove under.
- [Mikoto] Dammit.
(dramatic music)
- Brace yourselves.
(Amphisbaena roars)
(all yell)
(all cough)
- [Lili] Blue Napalm and Mist.
Two heads and no blind spots.
And it can swim underwater.
My friends are fighting their
absolute hardest to survive
and I can't do anything to help.
What kind of commander let's
her team face danger alone?
What good am I?
- [Daphne] Liliruca!
(Lili gasps)
Stay focused.
If you wanna be a great leader,
don't fall apart over
things you can't control.
Great leaders assess
the issue calmly
and then decide how to
maneuver the situation.
I'm heading to the front line!
The rest is up to you,
commander!
- [Lili] Maneuver the situation.
(Lili gasps)
(dramatic music)
Lady Mikoto!
Switch positions!
Fall back to the middle
guard and start chanting!
Lady Daphne, push forward!
- God of Ultimate Strength,
Bringer of Destruction,
I humbly beseech you.
(Amphisbaena growls)
- [Aisha] I'm your opponent,
you son of a bitch!
(water splashes)
It dove under again.
- Mikoto, use your skill!
- Yata no Kurogarasu!
(energy bursts)
Oh!
Aisha, beneath you!
(water splashes)
(Aisha grunts)
Conquest of the gods!
- Everyone in the vanguard,
fall back now!
Get ready for the next attack!
Lady Mikoto, stretch it
out as wide as you can!
- Futsu no Mitama!
(Mikoto groans)
(Amphisbaena growls)
- Here it comes!
- More mist?
Thing's got no quit.
- Heavier, Lady Mikoto!
And higher!
(Mikoto yells)
(debris crashes)
- You did it!
Good job!
- Yeah!
- Well, dang, nicely
done, you two.
(Welf yells)
- Let's waste this ugly bastard!
(exciting music)
Come on, let's do this!
(Welf yells)
(Amphisbaena roars)
(girls yell)
(Amphisbaena growls)
- I don't think so!
(Ouka yells)
(Amphisbaena roars)
- Something's coming, you guys!
Fall back!
(Amphisbaena screams)
- Dang. It's called
up a few buddies.
- We just have to keep
on pushing through.
- Don't let them get
the best of you.
(all yell)
- I'm lost.
How can they continue to fight
amidst such anguish?
The cage of despair has
become a coffin.
This is where we'll
meet our end.
We may wish it
weren't true, but-
Hey! Ow!
- [Daphne] What the hell,
Cassandra?
(Cassandra groans)
Get off your ass
and do your damn job!
- Daphne, please.
- We're out there battling
a frickin' floor boss
and where's our healer?
Busy cowering in the corner.
I've got way more important
things to do
than babysit you.
- How do you do it?
How do you resist giving
in to the despair?
- Huh?
- No matter how
much we struggle,
the despair will take us
inevitably,
so what's the point?
I'm terrified.
Too scared to fight back.
- Ugh!
Despair, despair, despair!
Think I'm not scared too?
- Huh?
- [Daphne] I'm scared as hell,
but what choice do we have?
Liliruca and the others
took a stand
and I wasn't ready
to call it quits.
That's why I chose to fight!
- But Daphne...
- Honestly,
they've grown on you too, right?
With all their sappy,
naive glory.
So make yourself useful
and help them!
Heal their wounds,
protect them from harm,
don't surrender to empty
words like despair!
(inspiring music)
Look to the future, mean it!
'Cause you and me, we're
adventurers!
- [Cassandra] Glow of
heaven, once rejected,
merciful arms that save
this wretched self of mine,
my words stop just short,
go in their place to save
my pitiful companions.
Oh, solar rays,
I beseech you to ward off
affliction.
Soul Light, go!
- [Daphne] She's such
a pain in the ass.
- I'm starting to heal.
- Well, look who joined us.
- I'm sorry for the delay.
I'm here and I'm ready to fight.
- Lady Cassandra!
- Well, it took you long enough!
We didn't stand a chance.
We need our two healers.
I expect to see blood,
sweat, and tears.
- Roger.
(Haruhime chuckles)
(exciting music)
(Ending song)
- [Cassandra] Next time:
"Morgue."